EXECUTION VERSION
COLLATERAL ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT 
dated as of October 16, 2024 
among 
FREDDIE MAC MSCR TRUST MN9, 
as Trust, 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORPORATION, 
and 
U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
as Indenture Trustee 

1 
THIS COLLATERAL ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT, dated as of October 16, 2024 (as the same may 
be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, this “Agreement”) is by and among Freddie Mac MSCR 
Trust MN9 (the “Trust”), Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (“Freddie Mac”), and U.S. Bank Trust 
Company, National Association, as indenture trustee (the “Indenture Trustee”). 
WITNESSETH: 
WHEREAS, the Trust proposes to issue the Notes pursuant to the Indenture of even date herewith (as 
amended, supplemented or modified from time to time, the “Indenture”), among the Trust, U.S. Bank Trust Company, 
National Association, as Indenture Trustee and Custodian, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Account Bank; 
WHEREAS, the parties desire for the Trust to provide credit protection with respect to the Reference 
Obligations to Freddie Mac in exchange for the payment of certain amounts by Freddie Mac to the Trust and other 
consideration more fully described herein; 
WHEREAS, the cash proceeds from the sale of the Notes shall be deposited with the Custodian for 
investment in Eligible Investments, and with respect to each Payment Date, proceeds of Eligible Investments shall be 
allocated to pay the Return Amount, if any, due from the Trust to Freddie Mac on such Payment Date prior to being 
allocated to pay amounts owed on the Notes, including any Notes Retirement Amount due from the Trust to Freddie 
Mac on such Payment Date; and 
WHEREAS, the parties desire to enter into this Agreement in order to effect the foregoing. 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of these premises and other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:
Section 1.  Defined Terms and Rules of Construction. Reference is made to the Glossary of Defined Terms 
and Rules of Construction (as the same may be supplemented, amended or modified, the “Glossary”) attached as 
Exhibit A to the Indenture. The Glossary is incorporated herein by reference. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise 
defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned thereto in the Glossary. 
Section 2.  Payments Due from Freddie Mac. Subject to Sections 4 and 6, on the Business Day prior to 
each Payment Date, Freddie Mac shall pay to the Trust, by deposit into the Distribution Account or otherwise, (a) the 
Transfer Amount and (b) the Return Reimbursement Amount, if any, due with respect to such Payment Date. 
Section 3.  Payments Due from the Trust. Subject to Sections 4 and 6, on each Payment Date on which a 
Tranche Write-down Amount shall be allocated to any Class of Reference Tranche corresponding to an outstanding 
Class of Notes and which reduces the Class Principal Balance of such Corresponding Class of Notes, the Indenture 
Trustee, on behalf of the Trust, shall pay to Freddie Mac, by deposit into an account designated by Freddie Mac, the 
applicable Return Amount on such Payment Date.  The payment obligation of the Trust to pay the Return Amount 
under this Agreement shall be limited to amounts on deposit in the Custodian Account. 
Section 4.  Netting of Payments. The sum of the Capital Contribution Amount and the Transfer Amount 
that Freddie Mac shall owe to the Trust with respect to any Payment Date shall not be less than zero. For the avoidance 
of doubt, with respect to each Payment Date, the sum of the payments due from Freddie Mac to the Trust pursuant to 
Section 2 above and Section 2 of the Capital Contribution Agreement on the Business Day prior to such Payment Date 
shall be netted against any payment due from the Trust to Freddie Mac pursuant to Section 3 above on such Payment 
Date.  The parties acknowledge and agree that, as a result, only one party (i.e., either the Trust or Freddie Mac) shall 
actually make a payment to the other party in connection with any Payment Date. 
Section 5.  Tax Treatment. Payments under this Agreement shall be treated for federal income tax purposes 
as provided in the Indenture. 
Section 6.  Conditions to Payment. The obligation of Freddie Mac to pay any Transfer Amount and/or 
Return Reimbursement Amount and the obligation of the Trust to pay any Return Amount pursuant to Sections 2 and 
3, respectively, shall be subject to the following conditions precedent: 
(a) 
receipt by the Indenture Trustee of the monthly “Reference Pool File” for the related 
Payment Date in accordance with the terms of the Indenture; 
(b) 
the Termination Date has not occurred as of any prior Payment Date; and 
(c) 
receipt by Freddie Mac and the Trust of a Payment Notification pursuant to Section 7. 

2 
Section 7.  Calculations. 
(a) 
Not later than two Business Days prior to each Payment Date, the Indenture Trustee shall 
calculate the Transfer Amount, Return Reimbursement Amount and Return Amount, if any, payable pursuant to 
Sections 2 and 3 and deliver a payment notification substantially in the form of Exhibit A (“Payment Notification”) 
to Freddie Mac and the Trust. 
(b) 
Solely for purposes of this Section 7, the Indenture Trustee may conclusively rely upon the 
information provided to it under the Indenture for inclusion in each Payment Notification (including, without 
limitation, the amount of any investment earnings on Eligible Investments) and shall have no duty hereunder to verify 
or recompute any such information. 
Section 8.  [Intentionally omitted]. 
Section 9.  Term of Agreement. 
(a)
This Agreement shall terminate in its entirety on the Termination Date, which date shall be 
the earlier to occur of the Scheduled Termination Date and the Early Termination Date. 
(b)
The events that may give rise to an Early Termination Date shall be as set forth in the 
definition of “Early Termination Date” in the Glossary.  To the extent an Early Termination Date shall occur as a 
result of a designation by a party to this Agreement, such Early Termination Date shall occur on the first Payment 
Date following the date on which such notice becomes effective, unless such notice becomes effective five Business 
Days or less prior to such Payment Date, in which case the Early Termination Date shall occur on the second Payment 
Date following the date on which such notice becomes effective, in each case, whether or not the relevant Freddie 
Mac Default or Optional Termination Event is then continuing.  
(c)
In the event an Early Termination Date is so designated, no further payments, other than 
any unpaid amounts that become payable on or prior to such Early Termination Date, together with interest on any 
overdue amounts, shall be made under this Agreement.  Freddie Mac’s final payment obligations hereunder shall be 
due on the Business Day prior to the Termination Date and the Trust’s final payment obligations hereunder shall be 
due on the Termination Date, in each case subject to Sections 4 and 6.  The performance of the Reference Pool during 
the period commencing at the end of the final Reporting Period and continuing until the Termination Date shall be 
disregarded under this Agreement for purposes of calculating the final payment obligations. 
Section 10. Amendments.  
(a)
This Agreement may be amended from time to time by mutual written agreement of the 
Trust and Freddie Mac without the consent of the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders: 
(i)
to correct, modify or supplement any provision herein which may be inconsistent 
with the Memorandum; 
(ii)
to correct, modify or supplement any provision herein which may be inconsistent 
with any other Basic Document; 
(iii)
to cure any ambiguity or to correct, modify or supplement any provision herein 
which may be inconsistent with any other provision herein or to correct any error; 
(iv)
to make any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising 
hereunder which may not be inconsistent with the then-existing provisions hereof; 
(v)
to modify, alter, amend, add to or rescind any provision herein to comply with 
any applicable rules, regulations, orders or directives promulgated from time to time; 
(vi)
to add to any covenants of Freddie Mac, the Sponsor or the Administrator for the 
benefit of the Noteholders or to surrender any right or power conferred upon Freddie Mac, the Sponsor or 
the Administrator; or 
(vii)
to acknowledge the successors and permitted assigns of any party hereto and the 
assumption by any such successor or assign of such party’s covenants and obligations hereunder in 
accordance with Section 13; 

3 
provided that no such amendment for the specific purposes described in clauses (iii) through (v) above shall adversely 
affect in any material respect the interests of the Noteholders, as evidenced by the receipt by the Indenture Trustee of 
an Opinion of Counsel or an Officer’s Certificate of Freddie Mac to the effect that such change does not adversely 
affect in any material respect the interests of the Noteholders or, alternatively, in the case of any particular Noteholder, 
an acknowledgment to that effect from such Noteholder (unless such Noteholder shall have consented to such 
amendment); and, provided, further that no such amendment may adversely affect Freddie Mac’s interests (unless 
Freddie Mac shall have consented to such amendment); and, provided further, that no such amendment may adversely 
affect the interests of the Indenture Trustee (unless the Indenture Trustee shall have consented to such amendment); 
and, provided further, that in each case, Freddie Mac, the Sponsor, the Administrator and the Indenture Trustee shall 
have received a Tax Opinion. 
(b)
This Agreement may also be amended from time to time by mutual written agreement of 
the parties hereto and, if any Notes are outstanding, with the written consent of the Indenture Trustee and the consent 
of Holders of Notes entitled to at least a majority of the aggregate outstanding Class Principal Balance of the Notes 
that are materially and adversely affected by such amendment, for any other purpose; provided, that no amendment 
pursuant to this subsection shall be effective unless the Indenture Trustee shall have provided its consent with respect 
to such amendment in accordance with the provisions of Section 16.03(c) of the Indenture; and, provided further, that 
in each case, Freddie Mac, the Sponsor, the Administrator and the Indenture Trustee shall have received a Tax 
Opinion. 
Section 11.  Notices.  All demands, notices and communications required to be delivered to a party hereunder 
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (i) personally delivered, (ii) mailed by registered 
mail, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by overnight courier, or (iv) transmitted via email, in each instance at the 
address(es) specified in or otherwise permitted under the Indenture.   
Section 12.  Severability. Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any 
jurisdiction shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining 
provisions hereof and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render 
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
Section 13.  Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit 
of the parties and their respective successors, including any successor by operation of law, and permitted assigns.  
Neither the Trust nor Freddie Mac, without the prior written consent of the other party (in the case of a transfer by the 
Trust) or without the prior written consent of the Indenture Trustee (in the case of a transfer by Freddie Mac), may 
transfer (whether by way of security or otherwise) this Agreement or any interest or obligation herein or hereunder, 
except that: 
(a) 
the Trust or Freddie Mac may make such a transfer pursuant to a consolidation or 
amalgamation with, or merger with or into, or transfer of all or substantially all its assets to, another entity, or, in the 
case of Freddie Mac, pursuant to, in connection with, or in furtherance of, the termination of its conservatorship (but, 
in each case, without prejudice to any other right or remedy hereunder);  
(b) 
the Trust or Freddie Mac may make such a transfer of all or any part of its interest in any 
amount payable to it from a defaulting party upon an event of default hereunder; and 
(c) 
Freddie Mac may make such a transfer by way of security or by transferring (by way of 
security or otherwise) all or any part of its right to receive payments under this Agreement but not legal ownership 
interest (such as the grant of a participation or other transfer of its right to receive payment), subject to its related 
obligations hereunder. 
Any purported transfer that is not in compliance with the foregoing terms and conditions shall be void. 
Section 14.  Electronic Signatures; Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the 
same instrument. This Agreement shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party when executed and delivered 
by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature; (ii) a faxed, scanned, 
or photocopied manual signature, or (iii) any other electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures 
in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other 
relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (collectively, 
“Signature Law”), in each case to the extent applicable. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or 

4 
other electronic signature, shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as 
an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability 
with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party 
and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. For the avoidance 
of doubt, original manual signatures shall be used for execution or indorsement of writings when required under the 
UCC or other Signature Law due to the character or intended character of the writings. 
Section 15.  Headings. The section headings in this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of 
reference only and shall not be construed to affect the meaning, construction or effect of this Agreement. 
Section 16.  Governing Law; Jurisdiction. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND 
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND THE 
OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAWS PROVISIONS 
THEREOF (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW).  EACH PARTY 
HERETO HEREBY SUBMITS (TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW) TO THE NON-
EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND THE UNITED STATES 
DISTRICT COURT LOCATED IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN IN NEW YORK CITY, SOLELY WITH 
RESPECT TO MATTERS ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, AND EACH WAIVES (TO THE EXTENT 
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW) PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS UPON IT AND 
CONSENTS THAT ALL SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS BE MADE BY REGISTERED MAIL IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 11 AND SERVICE SO MADE SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE COMPLETED 
UPON RECEIPT THEREOF. 
Section 17.  The Owner Trustee.  It is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that (i) this 
Agreement is executed and delivered by Wilmington Trust, National Association on behalf of the Trust not 
individually or personally but solely as owner trustee of the Trust under the Trust Agreement of the Trust dated the 
date hereof in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred upon and vested in Wilmington Trust, National 
Association as owner trustee of the Trust under such Trust Agreement, (ii) each of the representations, undertakings 
and agreements herein made on the part of the Trust is made and intended not as the personal representation, 
undertaking or agreement of Wilmington Trust, National Association, but is made and intended for the purpose of 
binding only the Trust and (iii) nothing herein contained shall be construed as creating any liability on the part of 
Wilmington Trust, National Association, individually or personally, to perform any covenant or obligation of the 
Trust, either expressed or implied, contained herein, all such liability, if any, being expressly waived by the parties 
hereto and by any Person claiming by, through or under the parties hereto. 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

[MSCR 2024-MN9 – Signature Page to Collateral Administration Agreement] 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Collateral Administration Agreement to be duly 
executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 
FREDDIE MAC MSCR TRUST MN9 
By: 
Wilmington Trust, National Association, not in its 
individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee 
By: 
Name:  Kenean Tesfaye 
Title:    Assistant Vice President 

[MSCR 2024-MN9 -Signature Page to Collateral Administration Agreement]
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORPORATION 
By: 
Name: Ling Xu 
Title:   Vice President—Multifamily Investments and Portfolio 
Management

[MSCR 2024-MN9 -Signature Page to Collateral Administration Agreement]
U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
as Indenture Trustee 
By: 
Name:
Title: Vice President

EXHIBIT A 
FORM OF PAYMENT NOTIFICATION 
[________], 20[__] 
Freddie Mac 
1551 Park Run Drive 
McLean, VA 22102-3110 
Attn:  Vice President – Multifamily Investments & Portfolio Management 
RE:  Freddie Mac MSCR Trust MN9 
Freddie Mac MSCR Trust MN9 
c/o Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Owner Trustee 
1100 North Market Street 
Wilmington, DE 19890-0001 
Reference is made to (i) that certain Collateral Administration Agreement, dated as of October 16, 2024 (the 
“Collateral Administration Agreement”), among Freddie Mac MSCR Trust MN9 (the “Trust”), Federal Home 
Loan Mortgage Corporation (“Freddie Mac”) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as indenture 
trustee (the “Indenture Trustee”), and (ii) that certain Capital Contribution Agreement, dated as of October 16, 2024 
(the “Capital Contribution Agreement”), among the Trust, Freddie Mac and the Indenture Trustee. Capitalized 
terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Collateral Administration 
Agreement or Capital Contribution Agreement, as applicable. 
Notice is hereby given of the following amounts with respect to the [______], 20[__] Payment Date: 
Item  
Amount 
Investment Liquidation Contribution ................ 
$ 
Index Component Contribution ...................... 
$ 
Return Amount................................................... 
$ 
Return Reimbursement Amount ....................... 
$ 
Transfer Amount............................................... 
$ 
U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,  
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
as Indenture Trustee 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
